# Contribution Guidelines
We welcome any and all contributions, no matter the size!

If you have an issue to file, please file it under GitHub's "Issues" system.

If you would like to make a change to the code, please create a Pull Request with your changes. 

## Code Review

1. Develop on branches. Naming convention for branches is all lowercase and dashes, prefixed with your github username. e.g. ```samskeller-some-feature```. Also include the GitHub Issue number in relevant commit messages.

2. Use github pull requests for code reviews.
    1. Assign and add as reviewer one or two code reviewers.
        1. In selecting code reviewers, consider assigning code reviewers who are most intimately familiar with the changing parts of the code base (see git history), and / or a technical lead. If the change is high risk and / or includes lots of line changes, include a technical lead. If the change is low risk, consider distributing PR review load to other members of the team.
    2. Add as reviewers or @cc additional engineers if you want them to be aware of the change. **IMPORTANT:** If the PR includes breaking changes, do the same for engineers from external teams who might be affected.

## Merging to master

Before merging to master, PR should have been approved following code review and the last commit should have a big green checkmark from CI.

Do a squash merge:

```bash
$ git checkout master
$ git pull
$ git merge your-branch-name --squash
$ git commit
# IMPORTANT: Commit Message Format - see example below
# Add a summary line at the top that starts with the GitHub Issue key.
# For example: '#23: Updates README with instructions for db backup and restore'
# Add 'Closes \#[github's pull request id].' (without the backslash)
# Add the GithHub Issue URL
# Add a description of the change and the test plan.
# Add any Github reviewers.
# Remove the rest of the autogenerated squash commit message.
$ git push
```

Example commit message:

	#23: Implement POST to score endpoint

	Closes #24

	https://github.com/https://github.com/CMSgov/qpp-file-upload-api-client/issue/23

	Fixes a bug where the validateSubmission function was not raising an error correctly when the Submissions API returned a 422 response

	Test Plan: Added a unit test for the validateSubmission function that would have failed before this fix

	Reviewer: @marimiyachi

## Updating node modules


To add or update a new npm package:
```
npm install <package>
```
> for more options, see `npm install --help`

